### 2019
* [3 May 2019](#date-03-may-2019)

# Weekly Notes
### Date: 3 May 2019

#### Who did you help this week?

This week, I spent a few hours working to learn more Git code on my own so I could be a more informed participant in the GitHub lab discussion on Wednesday. Though it didn't help anyone individually, I think active participation by everyone in the lab helps everyone else to learn too. 

#### Who helped you this week?

Miguel helped me by ammending his algorithm to work for my dataset. It is very well annotated and concisely coded, and I really appreciate him sharing his work so I didn't have to reinvent the wheel. 
Andrew helped the lab by creating slides and an exercise to help us further our GitHub discussion. He also did a really great job making this repository! 

#### What did you achieve?

* I wrote a loop to create a tagging history of all Carlin-tagged fish that can be merged with the recapture datasets
* I used the reshape packages to create encounter histories for recaptured salmon
* I integrated growth markers placed by Miguel's algorithm into the circuli dataset
* I did EDA on spatial and temporal trends in salmon growth data
* I made leaps and bounds in my understanding of Git!

> Awesome progress!

#### What did you struggle with?

* I struggled with figuring out how to code the multistate structure of the encounter histories. I used a pretty hacky approach that will probably work, but could be done better. 
* I struggled to figure out the organizaton of the trawl data.

> Join the club, it isn't the easiest. You may have already seen this, though just in case, the "SVDBS Elements by Table and Column" file on the shared NMFS Trawl Data folder is somewhat helpful. Definitely let me know if it would be easier to meet and discuss -- could loop in Andrew/Matt, too.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I would like to spend more time with the trawl data. 
* I would like to do some reading to figure out a better MS-CMR encounter history structure.

#### Where do you need help from Kathy?

* Meeting with Kathy and Matt to get oriented to the trawl data would be helpful.
* There are still some unanswered questions about the salmon data that I have listed in the [Ask Kathy Freedcamp project](https://freedcamp.com/Lindsay_6rU/Ask_Kathy_pAt/todos). 

> Awesome. I'll plan to connect with you and Matt on the trawl data and have a look at the FreedCamp questions!

#### Where do you need help from other lab members?

* I would like to continue to work collaboratively to all become proficient (enough) on GitHub.

#### Any other topics


